# Role-Based Authorization

[toc]

Specify and enforce user access rights to resources. ContractorMS has different levels of user access:

## Administrator

### Roles and Responsibilities

1. Manage the ContractorMS application for the organization.
2. Configure preferences and settings to tailor ContractorMS to suit the company's business-specific needs, processes, and workflows.
3. Choose an internal implementation team (aka ContractorMS committee), to get together to discuss how to successfully roll out ContractorMS to the rest of the organization.

### Company level tools & settings

#### Expense Allocations

* Designed for ContractorMS clients who need to provide a statement of cost allocation to an owner for reimbursement.
* This feature will provide the user with a statement of cost allocation for the company's projects. 
* This ensures that a company has the proper PDF documentation to recover the cost of the construction investment.

For more information see:

* [Create a New Expense Allocation](Create a New Expense Allocation.pdf)

### Configuring tool settings

#### Classifications settings

- Admin user should only see Classifications if the Timesheets tool is enabled on an organization's a/c. 
- Admin can add new Classification names for their company.
- Classifications names associate classifications to employees and workers on timesheets and timecards.
- Classifications can be viewed by the admin on the Daily Timecards Log.

### Choosing members of the company's ContractorMS committee

The company's ContractorMS committee is the small group attending the ContractorMS implementation call series. They will serve as a valuable training/support resource, as well as provide insightful guidance when defining the company's best practices.

The Administrator should consider the following points when deciding who to include on the ContractorMS committee:

1. Who is responsible for defining projects' standard operating procedures?
2. What is the workflow for getting projects set up? (*E.g The ContractorMS Company Level Admin creates projects and adds the key Project Manager. The Project Manager then adds users and begins the project*)
3. Who is responsible if more people need to be added throughout the course of the project?

For more information on rollout and ContractorMS committees see [Define a Procore Rollout Strategy](Define a Procore Rollout Strategy.pdf)

### Setting appropriate permissions for team members

### Creating templates to be used on projects

### Importing data to a company's a/c

### Defining essential settings for the ContractorMS solution.

### Adding individual cost codes or importing existing codes from a CSV file to use on company-wide projects.

### Configuring system preferences for bidding, contracts, change orders, submittals, trades, and more.

